# JAVA-COURSE
Mahsa Askari
Matriculation Number 7216484
This branch contains 4 different classe.
The Car class represents a car object that has the following attributes
`id` (an integer): Represents a unique identification number for the car/`make` (a string): Indicates the car's manufacturer or make (e.g., Toyota, Honda)/`model` (a string): Specifies the car's model (e.g., Camry, Civic)/ `color` (a string): Represents the color of the car./`registrationNumber` (a string): Stores the car's registration number./`yearOfManufacture` (an integer): Represents the year when the car was manufactured./`price` (a double): Represents the price of the car.
The class contains a method (`public Car(...)`) that allows you to create a new `Car` object by providing values for the attributes.There is a `getDescription()` method that returns a formatted string with the car's information, including its ID, make, model, year of manufacture, color, price, and registration number.In the `main` method, an array of `Car` objects named `cars` is created. Three `Car` objects are created and assigned to this array, each representing a different car with specific attribute values.A loop is used to iterate through the `cars` array, and for each car, the `getDescription()` method is called to print.
The class Carfinder is calling the main class car to find a list of cars of a given brand(toyota). It uses a loop to iterate through the cars array and checks each car's make. If the make matches the target brand, it prints the description of that car.
The class Caryearfinder is calling the main class car to find a list of cars of a given model that have been in use for more than n years(here civic card that is used more than 2 years).It uses a loop to iterate through the cars array and checks each car's model and the number of years it has been in use. If the model matches the target model and the number of years is greater than the specified value, it prints the description of that car.
the class Carpricefinder is calling the main class car to find a list of cars of a given year of manufacture, the price of which is higher than the specified one.The  target manufacturing year (in this case, 2020) and a target price (in this case, $24,000).It uses a loop to iterate through the cars array and checks each car's year of manufacture and price. If the year matches the target year, and the price is greater than the specified value, it prints the description of that car.
